NMS-11810: Database Reports documentation (#4663)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/database-reports/templates/standard.adoc

//This file includes standard text for the format and delivery sections of each report template dialog.

> The last two parameters in this report are checkboxes for delivery and scheduling of the report.  Checking the "Deliver this report" checkbox will provide the delivery options described below.  Checking the "Schedule this report" checkbox will open up the scheduling editor, which is described in the Schedule Editor section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last two parameters in this report are checkboxes for delivery and scheduling of the report.
Checking the "Deliver this report" checkbox will provide the delivery options described below.
Checking the "Schedule this report" checkbox will open up the scheduling editor, which is described in the Schedule Editor section below.
```

> 

Reviewer: Rename this file to "introduction.adoc" for use in the navigation tree as a dedicated page instead of including it on each individual report.

> //This file includes standard text for the format and delivery sections of each report template dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Report Templates
```

> The last two parameters in this report are checkboxes for delivery and scheduling of the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last two parameters for most reports are checkboxes for delivery and scheduling of the report.
```

Checking the "Deliver this report" checkbox will provide the delivery options described below.
Checking the "Schedule this report" checkbox will open up the scheduling editor, which is described in the Schedule Editor section below.

> === Report Delivery Options

Reviewer: Line 22/23: Should be an extra blank line between "Specify the following types of schedule" and  "* Daily" to start a new list.  Should also be something closer to "Specify the desired schedule to automate report delivery"
